I am pretty convinced that lectures are stronger than elephant tranquilizers.

I guess what they say about being friendzone is true after all. I heard about it, I laugh at it, I make jokes about it but I sure as hell didn't expect it to happen to me. 

I'm normally an extremely private person, I don't feel comfortable sharing personal stuff who anyone honestly. I have my share of friends but no one has any idea what I'm feeling right now. But I really need an outlet atm. 

What happened is that there's this girl I've known since freshman year. I've liked her since then but did not make a move for various reasons, one of which is that she was attached. We however do hang out quite often but at this point it was still in a group setting. As the years go on and her relationship broke down (thru no fault of mine), we began to get closer. We start going out together. Study dates, movie dates, dinner dates, the works. However to anyone and everyone who asked, we were definitely "not dating". I however begin to like her for real and was starting to hope for something more to develop. After gathering the courage, I finally managed to get myself to ask her about where exactly do we stand. 

I was told no.

Granted she was extremely nice about it and took a pretty roundabout way to say it but at the end of the day, it was still a no. I was told about how she wasn't ready, how we've been friends for so long and how I should find someone better. I took it there and then and shrug it off best as I could. I mean, it's normal to reject and get rejected by people. For a week, I felt i was slowly getting over her and settling into my place in her friendzone. Within that same week though, I found out that she's out with someone else and they may be getting pretty serious. 

It felt like a fucking punch to the gut. Why the heck did she give me that entire story about not being ready when a week was all she needed to get with someone else. I knew her and the other guy were pretty good friends but I had no idea they were progressing so fast. It was really out of the blue to me. I'm trying my damn best to not get angry at her and I know I have no right to but it felt like a bloody betrayal to me. I still smile and act as if I'm ok but god dammit I am pissed. Pissed to the extent when I'm driving alone and not doing anything, I was shout and cursed out aloud to no one in particular. Pissed enough that that I would randomly just lash out and hit the nearest wall or cupboard. Pissed but unwilling to show it for fear for losing her as even a friend. Despite everything I STILL want her as a friend. 

Anyway, the point of typing this entire essay. I don't know. Maybe I'm hoping for some advice to see if I'm acting irrationally. Maybe I want to know if I'm justified in feeling pissed. Or maybe I just needed an outlet to vent. 

Well, I vented and thanks for listening.
Several instances in school, I realised that someone (guy or girl) will be staring at me intensely but I pretended not to notice. Turned out that these people are my new project mates / randomly met acquaintances through events. To think that I thought I was stared at due to my attractiveness *embarrassed max*
There's been a recent uproar over an NUS professor's comments on homosexuality. i have not signed the petition requesting for his actions to be reviewed, not because i don't believe his actions should be reviewed, but simply because i don't sign any petitions, period. 

that being said, he is entitled to his personal views. however, it was unprofessional of him to have stated them in his capacity as a social science professor, and it makes for bad social science (appeal to emotion, not operationalising what "threats" homosexuals pose to society, slippery slopes, etc). 

the professor is entitled to his religious views, as are we all in an environment that values (or at least strives for) academic freedom and debate. i can understand his point of view and respect everyone's rights to express their points of view with regards to the matter.

the bone to pick is the context in which he expressed his religious view. however, neither NUS nor FASS are schools of theology, and therefore the professor should not have espoused a personal, religious preference in his capacity as professor. i believe he should have stressed that his view comes in his capacity as a religious man, separate from his professional role as an educator and social scientist.

i would also like to state that there is a spectrum of opinions towards homosexuality and homosexual persons, and i hope no LGBTQ students felt a personal threat stemming from his comments. for every positive opinion supporting LGBTQ rights, i am certain there is a negative and a neutral opinion to match. 

i hope we can all come together in a neutral and open space to debate, and that we all protect each others' rights to opinions and freedom from harassment, persecution and discrimination, whichever part of the spectrum our opinions and sexualities may fall.
I just want to say hi to the girl who ask me out today and fly me aeroplane at the cinema.

Thanks for getting my lazy ass out of the house and i actually went ahead and

1. Bought my friend's birthday present which i never take the initiative to for the past 5 years
2. Bought some stuff i really wanted long time ago
3. had a wonderful chit-chat dinner with a few of my wonderful, SINCERE friends

end up i had a wonderful and productive day instead, thank you

I don't understand why some people think that being "straightforward" or "unpretentious" equates to being hurtful, saying mean words to people. I can't believe people can be this insensitive.

Or maybe that person was purposefully hurting me, telling me that I'm such a loser. I seriously don't understand why I'm being "looked down" by this person. Just because I'm not the most fun-loving, adventurous person, I'm getting judged. Wtf! Do you guys also sometimes wish that one day you'd do so much better and fucking live a better life than these people?

I am a NUS Arts graduate. And I miss NUS Arts girls and how they dress.

There's a guy in my cohort who started making videos "helping people" and "exposing the good in society" and he's gotten some traction, with people praising him for being a great guy.

Truth is, I know him and he's a total perv. Watch out ladies.

Having a friend with benefits was one of the best and worst thing that happened to me in NUS. It happened to me in my weakest moment when I was still getting over someone else. Sure it was fun, but in the process, I lost a very good friend who I thought I had a chance with. We both like each other, but I guess because we were friends with benefits previously, we both have trust issues towards one another. Now, we're just awkward acquaintances and I truly miss her.

Here's a lesson to those who want a fwb: don't go for your best friend or someone you truly like. Fwb relationships are tricky. If you don't handle things well, you have a chance of losing that person forever.

Am I the only one who realized that Town Green is becoming Town "Yellow"?

One hour in utown gym = 15 mins actual workout, 45 mins walking around, resting, drinking water, looking at hot bods.

To the person who was in AS4-01 handicap toilet and did not lock the door properly, sorry for totally ignoring the Red colour thingy indicating that the door is locked and opening it anyways. The door wasnt even closed fully so i thought the red thing was spoilt or smth. 

Rest assured, I saw nothing (not enough to know your sex, at least).

My major no longer interests me and I am currently stuck halfway through the entire major. But in mind I had already got my plan B. I planned to drop out the next semester and I had discussed this with my close friends. What I asked them to do was to inform me the timetable of the classes that interest me.. thus i don't need to attend boring lectures anymore. 

I already had a small capital through my small business which I plan to expand it further when I learn more from classes. but sometimes i feel insecure dropping out. Well, you probably heard of Bill Gates and Steve Jobs dropping out and became billionaires, but what are the odds for that? any thoughts on this?

I'm in my last sem and i managed to secure my job early. I'm really not trying to advertise career seminars and modules like Step Up which teach us some basic skills which may help when we apply for jobs, but from my own experience, they really do. 

Attending Step Up last sem, it was annoying to have to travel to YIH and tap my card for attendance and sit through a class that would never end early, i even got pretty pissed at this Canadian speaker who proclaimed that Asians and Singaporeans especially do not have any networking skills because we f*king love to stay in our comfort zone and mingle together as a group instead of really talking to potential employers at such networking sessions. The reason why i got so pissed, if the above wasn't clear enough, was that this trait of us Singaporeans is nothing to be ashamed of because, ultimately we would still like to find a level of comfort that suits us in a new environment without overestimating our capabilities. I didn't learn much from him except that i hated his guts. 

But anyway, It seems that when we prepare our resumes without professional help, and send them out to companies hoping for that one elusive email that might inform us of an impending interview, we're just giving the minimum. Companies (shall not name which) which simply allow applicants to upload their resume without any other forms like personal statements, cover letters, or events which allow them to network would obviously just skim through the 3 main points of your resume: CAP, Major and Length of any work experience. I have a sub-par CAP but i managed to secure a job by attending networking sessions with the company and really speaking despite being really shy, filling out their application and giving my resume in the same day, and sent an email after the interview to Thank them (even though they gave me a high fever from all that stress) as per the suggestions given by Step Up and i did fine. What the people who give career guidance don't overemphasise is that you do need some level of tweaking when you send out your resume, like if your interview is for a sales job, the elements of your resume have to be tweaked to make it sound like you have wanted to be in sales all your life. And no matter how shy you are, just sell yourself shamelessly during the interview because you really do have nothing to lose and if you don't get it, they won't remember your shamelessness too, right? 

It really isn't difficult and we do need to look through as many job portals as possible, and now's the time to apply for public service jobs if ever you wanted to. So to all the Graduates and Nearly-Graduates out there, if you're not trying to get a job now, or haven't got one after trying for a few months, it really wouldn't hurt to ask for help. Good Luck and hope you all find one soon!

Hi, an international student here... Someone should enlighten me about the local culture. There's this huge stigma about buying personal items from the pharmacy like condoms, lube and feminine stuff. It makes me uncomfortable myself because of the local situation. I get all the stares when I try to pick up such stuff. Oh wells, I guess that's why they took away selling condoms at the Guardian at Utown.

Not to say that we international students are more promiscuous or what not, but... having almost everyone being really uncomfortable and shy, makes me hesitant while I do my purchases. It suddenly feels embarrassing to do so. ):

Wonder if anyone faces such a problem ): Anyways, found a solution to it online though, couple of websites like doctor-prive, red mart, etc. that sell a range of items. Oh and one more question, is e-commerce really popular here as you guys are one of the most connected countries? Seems like people back in the U.S. do more e-commerce than here.

Anyways, I still love Singapore, cheers! 

I am having problems making friends in NUS, not like I have no friend, but more like no "real" friend. Being an international student, I have a lot of friends from my country, and we are quite close. But the thing is, I find it very hard to make friends with other international students, especially with local students. I mean, I know some of them, but not really on a friend level. 

I live on campus and know a lot of my fellow housemates, but our relationships never pass the hi-bye status. I moved in later than the others, and they all form their own cliques already. I really try to open up and talk to them, but I just cannot find any thing to talk about, and our topics soon run up. 

I do have my CCAs but my CCA mates are like we go to CCA together, we talk during the CCA and it's ended when everybody gets home. I don't know it it's just me, or anyone having the same problem. What should I do? I feel so lonely even though I seem to "know" so many people, the fact is, I know no one at all. 

I make an effort to pronounce every letter (i.e. N.U.S.) when I tell others where I'm from. But just for fun, I always wanted to yell: INYOURASS!

He didn't ask me out on Valentines. I expected him to. Expectation is toxic.

Lately, for several mornings, I had the privilege of seeing a very attractive girl of Caucasian descent passing through YIH bus stop wearing dance apparels.

Maybe next time I'll say hi.

CAP may not be fully reflective of a student's academic prowess or ability in getting a well paying first job, but if you are ever use it to justify yourself not putting any effort into your academic pursuits then you can go fuck yourself.

While everyone is in a lively festive mood for CNY, I feel rather crestfallen over the events of past few days.

Being single for quite some time now and seeing many friends getting attached over the last sem break, I started to wonder what lies in store for me this coming valentine's day. For some reason, ever since my ex left me eons ago, I couldn't seem to be able to find a girl that I feel attracted to both physically and emotionally. 

That's why the moment when P came into my life was so magical. For some reason, when I first laid my eyes on her, I was instantly attracted to her. She just had this particular aura around her that triggers my desire to protect her. Her pretty face doesn't help but to accentuate that desire of mine. 

But perhaps she might be similar to the many other pretty girls who came into my life before that, with whom I can never find the emotional connection with, I thought. And so wrong was I. After I had approached her and had quite a few delightful conversations, I came to the realisation she's not like the other girls. She understood me, and I understood her as well. 

Thinking that I have found the love of my life, one week ago I mustered my courage and wanted to ask her to be my valentine. During our exchange that day, I got steered away from my original objective by our enjoyable conversation and was only reminded of it when she told me that I should confess to the person I love. Nervously but jokingly I asked her whether she has anybody in mind that she wants to confess her love to, ...and to which she answered, there's no need to as her confession has already been fulfilled.

I was stunned after that. I know what her answer means, but things were left so vague after that conversation that day I had to find out whether she had a significant someone already. Over the course of the past few days, I stalked her by using facebook extensively in an attempt to find any trace of existence of her significant other. I know this is a deplorable and creepy action in retrospect but please take into consideration how sad I was at the time and the fact that I was also shocked when I was actually performing the same acts I condemned stalkers for. 

After some time, the search has confirmed my fear... she is actually attached. Some of you might call me a fool for devoting so much emotional energy into a girl whose status I do not even know, but... that's what I did, and look where it landed me. 

I do not know how this story might help the others reading it, but I just want to say that true love is hard to find, and if you have found it, please treasure it...

Oh well life goes on. On a happier note, have a great CNY people.

Two years ago, my first relationship came to a closure, till now i am still filled with regrets and remorse.

Everything was rosy when we got together , she was my first girlfriend, we clicked off well after getting to know each other. She was almost everything any guys could ask for, sweet, caring and kind-hearted. Soon, lust and my hot-headed self took over our relationship and engulfed me. Times after times, she forgave me, yet times after times i failed to live up to my promises. 

Soon, after the repeated failures and failed attempts to live up to my promises, the relationship ended on really bad terms. We have never had any contact since then. She was really a keeper, yet my own hot-headedness and weak containment of my own lust proved to be the last straw that broke the camel's back.

I knew i was never the one for her right before we started, she is a very intelligent girl, whereas i on the other hand is just a guy with average intellectual abilities. To all the guys out there, please cherish your girlfriend, AND NEVER LET LUST, THE EVIL TEMPTATION AND HOT TEMPER TO HAVE CONTROL OVER YOU. Treat your girl well, unless you want another guy to replace your position.

FASS emailed their students to inform them not to apply for their double degree programme with University of North Carolina if their CAP is not ABOVE 4.0 (emphasized with YELLOW Highlights).

This is a plain discrimination against other students who might do well in certain subjects that they are interested and do badly for other subjects that they are not interested in because of their silly compulsory modular rules that these students are forced to follow.

This method of using grades to judge a student is LAZY. Might as well we should replace these people with bots and save the cost of hiring these administrators.

Dear Students

There has been an error in quota setting for GEK1008. The quota has exceeded about 60 students.
For students who are in the new semesters and those who can take it in another semester, please drop GEK1008 from your CORS list.
There are not enough tutorial seats for all. As such, you may have to drop the module later on.
Please drop the module and you may try GEK1056 instead, there are more vacancies for that module.

PS: Not funny, with the amt of pts used to bid this mod & left with 1 rd of bidding. Most alternative mods are out of quota too... take the mod because of liking, not because of vacancies.
Now that school has started, and the workload hasn't piled up yet, i have began thinking about one thing. my EXTREMELY NON-EXISTENT love life. I meant seriously, i see couples everywhere and am definitely jealous (i'll admit it before you guys trash me on this). While i would like to start a relationship, i seem to be having lots of problems. First guys probably don't like my kind, pudgy and not a great looker. Second, if i were to make the first move, how do i do so? I mean if boys find that girls courting them is appealing at least give us some hints you like us (or this could be due to the fact i'm a bit dense ). so, i guess what i'm asking is for some advice like what are some telltale signs guys like you or how could we go about expressing our infatuation with you. ( oh dear, i sound desperate)
While many have been complaining about having friends that will stick with you in uni and lunch buddies etc, I have a different problem and I wonder if any of you face similar isues.

I have a (overly-attached) friend who keeps following me wherever I go and I really feel kind of annoyed by this. For the past sems, she has been choosing the exact modules that I took so we will have the same timetable. During class, I find it difficult to make new friends because she will always be beside me and it would be awkward to initiate a new conversation with my tutorial mates with her staring at me. And yes, she chose to be active in the same CCA as me too.

We have been friends for quite a while now and yes I do most of the times enjoy her company. However, I do not want my uni life to revolve only around the same people. I wish I could tell her to maybe give me some air to breathe but I'm not sure of the best way to say this without offending her.
It was 2 days before my final exam of the semester. I was all over the place - brushing my fringe back and forth, shifting my seat from the left to the right, glancing briefly at basically nothing in the distance, shaking my ankles and resting my head on my hand and then the keyboard and then my knee. 

I then decided to plug in my earphones and take a walk because that usually helps when I panic. I walked down the steps from The Study, and by the Utown gym. Just before I got to the gym, I saw this guy. I could've sworn I'd seen him many, many times before this semester, like so many of the other people who live in Utown. What struck me about this guy, however, was that he had this look of perfect calm on his face and he was just standing by the steps looking at the ground. Everyone else was rushing around with deadlines to meet and exams to study for. As I neared him, he looked up and smiled momentarily. So I smiled back and said, hello, what's up?

He looked at me and introduced himself. When asked why he was just standing there, looking at the ground, he pointed to this snail that was on the walkway. He said something like he wasn't sure whether he should save the snail and put it back into the bushes, or he should guard it as it made its way. I was shocked because here I was worrying about my exams and internships and training contracts and how I'm going to live my life always exceeding expectations, when there was this guy who was just worried about a snail getting stepped on. 

Eventually, the snail turned around to get back to the bushes. The guy decided to pick the snail up and put it back into the bushes. He wished me the best for my exams and disappeared down the walkway. 

I continued on my walk. I saw something in that guy's eyes. He was genuine and he was so full of love for life and everything it has to offer. 

Sometimes we get onto the wrong path and we lose sight of where we come from and what we're meant to do with our lives. Sometimes we get caught up in what is expected of us, rather than what we actually want. It's so important to remember who you are and that you have a purpose. It is also important to know that you are never alone because there's always someone looking out for you, even if you don't immediately sense it.
Just thought that i might post this here, but as a graduate student who has recently received a mail from NUS to donate money in aid of the less fortunate students, its pretty unscrupulous of them to include this "Your gift will be counted as part of the NUS campaign to honour Mr Lee Kuan Yew on the occasion of his 90th birthday" in the fine print of the donation form.

I want my money to go to the students, not anywhere else. Any school events or campaigns that NUS wants to hold, that doesn't pertain to student wellfare, should come out of its own pockets. 

Just a heads up
People are stressed over exams and grades because they believe it is the gateway to a well-paying and cushy job in the banks or MNCs or so they think(connections are way more important). 

I don't want a well-paying job but one that allows me to contribute back in a meaningful way to society without having to face a glass ceiling by virtue of my education. That is why I am stressed over the grades because the public service places a heavy weight on one's academic credentials.
A reply to the hardworking NUS student born in Singapore, who lived in a HDB flat, who never obtained a single scholarship, who attained Dean's List for several times and on the way for a first class honours degree. 

Thank you for your insights on the harsher world out there as well as our competitive University. I feel that while the reasons you gave are valid, there is no value added.

(Quote)
"Reason 1: There is always a shortage good jobs, that is why they are so coveted in the first place.

As an example, for Computing students, jobs at Google and Facebook are highly desirable. Can Google and Facebook give jobs to everyone? Obviously not! They have the right and the ability to filter candidates based on the best-performant, candidates below who are below average in academics can forget about applying.

The best jobs pay well, middle jobs pay less and so on. Even if you are one mark below a band, you are below the band. This is life."

This is so true. However, in what ways does this explanation show that "the bell curve in Uni prepares us very well for the harsher world out there?" You are not giving a reason for this statement. Sorry but that makes it seem like you don't have a strong point to make.

(Quote)
"Reason 2: NUS must distinguish between its students. 

Would it make sense if everyone gets first-class honours? We can see the case of private Unis in the UK where second-uppers are easily obtained. Employers cannot distinguish between the worthiness of candidates. THe GCE exams there are also notorious for grade-inflation. HR departments are rendered helpless since the A grade you got could mean you are in the top 10% or at the 50-percentile. 

How are tertiary institutions and employers going to differentiate candidates?"

Yes I think if we are smart enough to enter University, we can tell that schools in Singapore generally distinguish their students, let alone NUS. Thankfully, I can tell that over here, you are saying that the bell-curve exist to distinguish the "academically-inclined"/"more intelligent"/"more studious" students from the contrary, which is true. However, let me just piece up the link: "NUS must distinguish between its students, so the bell curve we face in Uni prepares us very well for the harsher world out there". Hello, this doesn't even make sense. What point are you trying to show? 

(Quote)
"Reason 3: The bell curve stimulates competition. If you know only the top 10% is going to get that A, you will work harder to be in that 10%. If half the people get A, where is the incentive to work harder?

I have heard horror stories of students not lending their notes to coursemates for fear of affecting their grades. Students see each other as competitors to be destroyed instead of working together for a common cause. This an acceptable collateral damage of the bell curve system. If you think this is demeaning, let me give you a thought experiment.

Say you are one of three candidates vying for that dream job, would you help the other two candidates? You will do anything in your power and ethics to not cede any advantages to your opponents. Why should you complain then about students not helping each other? This is just a reflection of reality."

Again, this point has no value added because it is like obvious. 

However, I do have a defence for the helpful students in NUS. I like competition, because it is a form of motivation and self-improvement. Come on, we are all humans, we desire recognition and a place to stand. However, if this competition is so destructive and it hurts relationships, what is the point? "Students see each other as competitors to be destroyed instead of working together for a common cause." I hope that this is the minority in NUS because I have many helpful batch-mates and seniors. I haven't met anyone who rejects my queries and we all share our notes around. I think this should be the way it is. Helpful students, please continue your helpful practices. 

Lastly, I want to make a separate point here. In defence of the "fun-loving, happy-go-lucky, optimistic, not academically-inclined and average to below average CAP students", I think at our age, nobody can force-feed us life's values. Some of us may already have a goal in mind. Some working towards that goal and some could have attained their goals. Others might still be exploring their options. We all have our rights to choose and our choice matters. You chose to be hardworking and academically focused and you reaped your rewards. Another person may choose to focus on his CCA and become a professional in that area and I feel that is something meaningful too. All of us came to University with our individual reasons but it is not always grades and degree. You came for that, I don't. So pardon me if we are not working towards a similar goal. Please do not be too harsh on people who are not like-minded as you. 

I think I don't have to prove my intelligence or my capability through academics and grades. I have already proven that by being able to enter NUS Biz. What is more important, I feel, is the process of gaining knowledge.

Here's an illustration: In Secondary School and JC, A or A1 is at 70 and 75 marks respectively, and you know they actually have an explanation that says hmm if you get A you have great understanding of the concepts blah blah blah.. If you get C you have poor grasp etc. So if I get 42/50 for an MCQ test in JC I'm like an A student. However in University, due to the bell-curve, if many students are getting 44/50 to 47/50, then I am below average. That doesn't mean I'm stupid correct? I learnt what I'm supposed to learn in the module, I applied my knowledge and I am contended on that. Just a couple of careless mistakes and failed memory doesn't prove anything. I don't see a problem telling people I got B or B- for it. 

There are many in NUS who don't give a damn about grades, not because they are lazy but because they have other priorities in life, and that is worth to respect. I think we as students we should start planning our route to escape the rat race, and not blindly following the society in the fight for grades. Academics is temporary, education is forever. I can still graduate be it CAP 2.5 or 5.0, and move out to work towards my goals.

Conclusion: The bell-curve does not prepare you very well for the harsher world out there, because the world out there is more than just a giant bell-curve. The world out there is filled with helpful people and goals to be achieve, dreams to be fulfilled and meaningful lives to be lived. Wake up your idea potential first-class graduate.
I was snooping around NUS Sci Library and while browsing through the library books section, I've chanced upon a hidden love letter in between the book!

"Lemon,
We'll go travelling together soon. Hope you're enjoying your holiday. Patpat i miss you so much. 

You know I'm really happy this year that I got to meet you. Really! I'm thankful. You're such an angel to me. Thanks for the time in the states & because of you, I've got to meet a lot of great people. I know I could'nt go back to then cos I'll have to move on. 

School has been really stressed here. But by this time this is in your hands, I'm either dead or alive. Hope I could survive!

I'm thinking a lot lately about what I really like. I know i don't have the guts to change. And you know, living in HK, I just feel like I have a lot of constraints. 

Anyway, I hope I'll figure that out. Always let me know what's going on with you. I'm not letting you go even we're miles apart. 

Merry X'mas! Have a grat one!  I love you dear!
XX

Candy 
Dec 2011"

To the writer, I do hope that by helping you spread this love letter, it'll perhaps let the NUS population know what a sweet and loving person you are  To the person who left it in here, I just wanna let you know what a great person you are missing!
I'm an exchange student and I came here excited to try all the food, but after a couple months I've found I don't like that much Asian/Chinese food so I have limited choices at the NUS canteens. 

I really hope I can expand my palate and try other items but I'm hesitant to get something I have no idea what it is, since so much is too spicy or has weird ingredients, and the chicken is way too bony and the pork is too fatty! (Also, the Western stalls are terribly inauthentic and not very good, and I didn't come here just to eat food from home!)
This is my story:

My dad used to be a businessman, running a successful business. We are a happy family with my mum and two other younger siblings and we lived very comfortably. My mum was a stayhome housewife since I was born and we never had to worry about money. Fast forward ten years, my dad's business wasn't doing well so he sold it. My mum had to look for jobs to pay for the education of my siblings and I. But since she hasn't been working for over 20 years, she's not used to it and would fall sick easily. My dad, being the doting husband, asked her to stop working and he decided to become a taxi driver.

I'm currently in my third year in NUS while my younger siblings are in secondary school and primary school. My parents are already 50 and I feel heartbroken when I see that my dad has to work long hours driving a taxi and not even earning a fraction of what he used to be capable of making. 

When the chance of going on an exchange came up, my parents were very encouraging and so were my maternal relatives. I have a large extended family so they each gave me a small sum and together with my savings and part-time jobs salary, it is sufficient for me to go on exchange next semester. I'm really thankful for that yet feeling guilty at the same time because I'll be going places which my parents might not have the chance to go.

Im worried that even when I start working next time, Im not able to earn enough to pay for the education of my siblings as well as provide my parents with a comfortable retirement. I really want to bring them to travel the world..Im afraid that by the time I have the money to do so, they'd be too old. 

On the outside, I look jovial and happy everyday. Truth is, i'm so scared that I can't earn enough money for my family, much less start my own family and lead the life that I want.. However most NUS students don't seem to have to worry about money, I wonder if there are others in my situation and what they are thinking..